{&lt;0>rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang2057{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl ;\red255\green34\blue255;}
{*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2510;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\lang9\f0\fs22
Overview:
I am developing a system to recommend targeted ads and relevant videos tailored to individual users.

Data
In this section, I will describe the data set that I will use for my project. The data set that I will use is the YouTube Dataset. This dataset contains information about YouTube videos, including the video title, the channel title, the publish time, the tags, the views, the likes and dislikes, the description, and the comment count. The dataset is available on Kaggle.

The YouTube Dataset is a real-world social network data set. It was created by scraping data from YouTube. The dataset contains information about over 100,000 YouTube videos. The dataset is a good choice for my project because it is large and it contains a variety of information about YouTube videos.

I will represent the YouTube Dataset as a graph. The nodes in the graph will represent the YouTube videos. The edges in the graph will represent the relationships between the YouTube videos. For example, an edge will be created between two YouTube videos if they have been tagged with the same tag.

The YouTube Dataset contains approximately 100,000 nodes and 1 million edges.

I believe that the YouTube Dataset is a valuable resource for my project. The dataset contains a wealth of information about YouTube videos. I will use the dataset to learn more about how YouTube videos are related to each other. I will also use the dataset to develop a system to recommend YouTube videos to users.

Easy Question:

Given a video, which ads are relevant to it?

This question is easy because it can be answered by using the tags associated with the video. For example, if a video is tagged with "funny" and "cat," then ads for cat toys or funny cat videos would be relevant.

Hard Question:

Given a video, get me a similar videos?

This question is harder because it requires us to understand the content of the video. We can use a variety of techniques to do this

Algorithms and Data Structures:
Easy Question:

Algorithm: I will use the content-based filtering algorithm to find relevant ads for a video. This algorithm uses the tags associated with the video to find ads that are relevant to the content of the video.
Data Structure: I will use a hash table to store the tags associated with each video. This will allow me to quickly look up the tags associated with a video.

Hard Question:

Algorithm: I will use the content-based filtering to count the video similarity to find similar videos. This algorithm use content-based filtering to find videos that are most likely to be relevant to the current user.
Data Structures: I will use a hash table to store the tags associated with each video.

These algorithms and data structures will allow me to explore or answer each question in the following ways:

Easy Question:

The content-based filtering algorithm will allow me to find relevant ads for a video by looking at the tags associated with the video. This will help me to recommend ads that are likely to be of interest to the user.
The hash table will allow me to quickly look up the tags associated with a video. This will make it faster to find relevant ads.

Hard Question:

The content-based filtering will allow me to find similar videos by content-based filtering. This will help me to recommend videos that are likely to be of interest to the user.
The hash table will allow me to quickly look up the tags associated with a video. This will make it faster to find similar videos.

Algorithm Analysis, Limitations and Risks:

The running time of the content-based filtering algorithm is O(|V| + |E|), where |V| is the number of vertices in the graph and |E| is the number of edges in the graph.

The limitations of the content-based filtering algorithm are that it is only as good as the tags associated with the video. If the tags are not accurate, then the algorithm will not be able to find relevant ads.

The risks of the content-based filtering algorithm are that it can be computationally expensive to find all of the tags associated with a video. If the video has a large number

Here are some additional risks to the completion of the project:

    The data set may not be complete or accurate.
    You may not have the skills or knowledge necessary to complete the project.
    You may not have enough time to complete the project.
    There may be unexpected technical problems that prevent you from completing the project.
